Added `CallsiteNamespaceAdder` processor (#570)
hynek/structlog: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - `structlog.processors.CallsiteNamespaceAddr()` added, which will attempt to determine the calling namespace and add it as `namespace` to the event dict. Takes an optional `levels` `list`|`set` to limit which `logging.LEVEL` to include the addition in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `structlog.processors.CallsiteNamespaceAdder()`, which attempts to determine the calling namespace and add it as `namespace` to the event dict.
  Takes an optional `levels` `list`|`set` to limit which `logging.LEVEL` to include the addition in.
```
